three messages : 

- you should be loved :
you need to be nice to others to be loved.

- ribbons:
 human connections : we should get along with one anothers

- no mouths:
 we need to express with our actions, not only by words.
// tsuji shintaro interview



tsuji shintaro = founder sanrio : inspires the strawberry king
corporate philosophy : getting along together //neppon tv news


Hello Kitty was born in the suburbs of London. She lives with her parents and her twin sister Mimmy who is her best friend. Her hobbies include baking cookies and making new friends. As she always says, "you can never have too many friends!" //sanrio.com

Kitty is portrayed as a female anthropomorphic white Japanese Bobtail cat with a red bow worn on her left ear and usually wears blue overalls with a yellow shirt. // hellokitty fandom

When asked about the purpose of Hello Kitty's creation and why she serves as the mascot of Sanrio, founder and former president Shintaro Tsuji personally stated "I felt that the most important thing in your life is to have someone whom you can open up your heart to and talk about anything; to have many friends whom you can talk with your heart is the most blessed thing in your life. Then I asked myself how can you make friends -- in what way people can make a friend with those people. That is not just to avoid behaving, which makes people uncomfortable. But do something, which makes people happy. In this way people can make friends. For example, when people are ill, you can say something to them, or when people did something for you, you say "thank you" to them. For those kinds of occasions, you send a small present rather than an expensive gift. It is important to show your appreciation since you are able to make good friends in this way. This idea has formed as a business. As a result, Hello Kitty was created. Hello Kitty has become known among everybody and it means that people are becoming friends. I am pleased with this phenomenon."

real name : kitty white
born : 1nov
h: 5apples
w: 3apples
// hello kitty fandoms

"That [suggesting that Hello Kitty is a cat]’s one correction Sanrio made for my script for the show. Hello Kitty is not a cat. She’s a cartoon character. She is a little girl. She is a friend. But she is not a cat. She’s never depicted on all fours. She walks and sits like a two-legged creature. She does have a pet cat of her own, however, and it’s called Charmmy Kitty."
—Christine R. Yano, August 26, 2014, after stating that Hello Kitty was a cat and having her statement corrected by Sanrio themselves

Hello Kitty is British.
Kitty is actually named Kitty White and she has a full back story. She is a Scorpio. She loves apple pie. And she is the daughter of George and Mary White.

“She has a twin sister,” adds Yano. “She’s a perpetual third-grader. She lives outside of London. I could go on. A lot of people don’t know the story and a lot don’t care. But it’s interesting because Hello Kitty emerged in the 1970s, when the Japanese and Japanese women were into Britain. They loved the idea of Britain. It represented the quintessential idealized childhood, almost like a white picket fence. So the biography was created exactly for the tastes of that time.” // los angeles times


Family and Friends
Mother
Mary "Mama" White
Father
George "Papa" White
Spouse
Dear Daniel (boyfriend)
Siblings
Mimmy (younger twin sister)
Grandmother
Grandma
Grandfather
Grandpa
Friends
My Melody (best friend), Cathy, Chip, Fifi, Jody, Joey, Judy, Moley, Rorry, Thomas, Tim and Tammy, Tippy, Catnip, Grinder, other Sanrio characters (in short, she is a friend of the entire Sanrio industry)
Pets
Charmmy Kitty (cat), Sugar (hamster), Tiny Chum (teddy bear), Haroshee (flying squirrel)
Enemies
Catnip (depending on the acting), Grinder (depending on the acting), Fangora, King Block-O, Wookami, Frido (rival)
 // hello kitty fandom